Update unions guidance to confrom with latest serialization guidance (#2060)
openshift/enhancements: dev-guide/api-conventions.md

  // should choose a sensible default on their behalf.
  // +unionDiscriminator
  // +kubebuilder:validation:Enum:="AWS";"Azure";"GCP"

>   // +required

Reviewer: Would it be worth adding dumb simple guidance (somewhere not necessarily here), like:

> use `omitempty` for required fields and `omitzero` for optional (or union discriminator) members? 

This may be obvious to others, but it wasn't obvious to me why we need omitempty for required fields. 

Also it seems like there are many other examples in this document where a field is required but not `omitempty`, we should probably clean those up. For example:

```
// LocalDefabulatorReference references a defabulator.
type LocalDefabulatorReference struct {
	// name is the metadata.name of the referenced defabulator object.
	// +kubebuilder:validation:Required
	// +required
	Name string `json:"name"`
}
```

This should be `omitempty` right? There are at least two or three more like this. If scope is creeping we can follow up, but LMK if my understanding is correct.

Reviewer 2: In general, we would push for that field to have `omitempty` and validations that don't allow the value to be the empty string. The exception to this would be if the empty string is a valid value.

I agree that we should probably do a sweeping update of the document to update all the examples, but I'm also okay with incremental updates if we'd like to keep this tightly scoped.

  PlatformType string `json:"platformType,omitempty"`

  // aws is the AWS configuration.
  // All structures within the union must be optional and have the omitzero tag.
  // +optional.
  AWS MyAWSConfig `json:"aws,omitzero"`

  // azure is the Azure configuration.
  // All structures within the union must be optional and have the omitzero tag.
  // +optional.
  Azure MyAzureConfig `json:"azure,omitzero"`

  // gcp is the GCP configuration.
  // All structures within the union must be optional and have the omitzero tag.
  // +optional.
  GCP MyGCPConfig `json:"gcp,omitzero"`
}
```

The discriminator here allows the consumer to determine which of the configuration structures they should be consuming, AWS, Azure or GCP.

Important to note:
* All structs within the union **MUST** have the omitzero tag
* All structs within the union **MUST** be optional

> * All structs within the union **MUST** not allow the zero value (i.e. avoid allowing `{}` for structs with required fields)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* All structs within the union **MUST** not allow the zero value (i.e. each struct should have at least 1 required field, or a `MinProperties` validation to prevent `{}` from being valid)
```

Nit: the current wording could be read as "for structs that have required fields, don't allow `{}`", which is already the case since required fields prevent `{}`. I think the intent is the other direction: here's how to prevent `{}`. This phrasing matches what the _Pointers to structs_ section already says.
